Remove fmt strings and replace with inline queries (#13799)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/13799.txt

```release-note:security

> database/mssql: Removed fmt strings and replaced them with inline queries using named parameters.

Reviewer: Slight suggestion:
```suggestion
database/mssql: Removed string interpolation on internal queries and replaced them with inline queries using named parameters.
```

Author: Changed in eca76b4
